hello here we are once again for
prepare a broth of 7 broth seven
mothers I hope you like it here we have a
10 chile california boiled
one pound of shrimp with head 1 book
squid
and two seafood combination books
and here they are like a bear like four
tilapia fillets
and to
seasoning we also need two
pieces of onion garlic oregano
a teaspoon of oregano one
teaspoon of garlic salt and a
teaspoon chicken broth and one
teaspoon of pepper
and red onion but that's what we're going to
put and at the end when the broth is already
so why not because if we put it before
changes color then almost to
serve we are going to put those at the end
here I have as
4 liters of boiling water and here we go
to put them to seafood here we go to
put the combination of seafood and
I'll be watching, let's put him here
and we are going to put the squid
this are already cooked zanola are not going to
take a long time when some
to a half hour or so this the
shrimp as I told them at the end too
because they know very very quickly
I put right now with the seafood they are going to
do well little ones then this one
he will leave them to taste and very the fish
also already the last and almost when
turn off the pot I'm going to put it to
that this is not very recognized
meanwhile let's make the sauce
to fry the garlic with oregano and
onion that we will liquefy and
fry in olive oil and we're going to
put seafood that is boiling
here here we are going to liquefy the 10 and
We also liked
and we are going to put the two pieces of
onion
the garlic
and the oregano a teaspoon of oregano
and if they want to put a chili
chipotle
well we're going to liquefy it and we're going
to add to the seafood that are
cooked what's here we're going to put
a little olive oil
to fry the sauce
mine
and we are going to put castings
good with both for you
ok here we are going to season with garlic salt
chicken consommé
and black pepper
I remember and what
it is to taste if it lacks more of this one
if you want it more to the side where they can
put more chicken consommé if not seal
At the end
it stays in the flavor and if it lacks
marley with the most chicken
now that is
well seasoned and everything then I'm going
to put at
counter that I'm going to put a
teaspoon more than chicken bouillon like
that he lacked salt
as I say it verifies in him
please if you need an animal
Here is the sauce we liquefy ready
of chile california and this we are going to
add carlos to
with a pretty disc
we're going to take all of them to the appointment and
get nothing
and that's how it goes, as I say
lack of fish and shrimp but
those are going to go at the end
ok here I already paid you already spent 30
minutes and is
it's already cooked
and then we'll put the
shrimp and so off with the same
hot
they are going to cook because if not with that
they had a being they light them in the pot
lines and nothing else
especially to change color we started
to learn how the fish is
we are also going to put there
and we are going to cover the pot and
and to whom they meet very quickly they look
the shrimp how they are left is already paid
already as hot as the bird and the
landed fish
it's going to be like that
Well, now I'm back for the signal
wanted
the final result is more
we do not see another headline because here I am
teaching how he has left you look at the
shrimp were not undone by frizzy
yes at the end
and the fish also here are
of being whole fish too
and that's how it was
So, thank you very much for looking
my videos and see you in the next
video because when he was already serving
in the broth seven mothers and that's how
he was hard conscious by how 30
minutes because they are already pre cooked yes
and it's all I hope you like and leave your
comments
and once again thank you for me to my
videos